The Loan Management System is simple web application and friendly user, develop in in PHP MySQL, using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Modal, Ajax, and Bootstrap. This system it contains of admin to manage data entry, the admin can add staff to monitor application, delete update, check loan interest, and check loan types.

Admin Dashboard

Loan, Payment, Borrowers, Loans Plans, Loan Type, User.

Home

Payment Today, View Payments, Borrowers, View Borrowers, Active Loans, View Loan List, Total Receivable, View Loan List.

Loans

Loan List, Show Entries, Search, Number Entry, Borrower, Loan Details, Next Payment Details, Status, and Create New Application.

Payment

List Payment, Number of Entry, Loan Reference Number, Payee, Amount, Penalty, New Payment, Edit, Delete, Show Entries, and Search.

Borrowers

Borrower List, Number of Entry, Borrower, Current Loan, Next Payment Schedule, New Borrower, Edit, Delete, Show Entries, and Search.

Loans Plans

Plan’ Form, Interest, Monthly Overdue Penalty, Show Data of Entries.

Loan Types

Loan Form, Type Name, Description, Number Entry, Loan Type, Edit, and Delet.

User

Name, Number of Entries, Username, Edit, Delete, and Add New User.

Loa Management System

Name of Project:     Loan Management System
Language Used:      PHP
Database Used:      My SQL
Design Interface:    Bootstrap JavaScript, HTML, Ajax, JQuery,
Browser:                  Opera Mozilla Google Chrome IE8,
Software:                 WAMP/ XAMPP/ LAMP/MAMP
About System

 

How to setup this project

Step 1st. Download xampp

Step 2nd. Text editor notepad++ or Sublime

Step 3rd. Download the zip file/ Download winrar

Step 4th. Extract the file and copy “Loan_Management_System” folder

Step 5th. Paste inside root directory/ where you install xampp local disk C: drive D: drive E: paste: for xampp/htdocs,

Step 6th. Open PHPMyAdmin http://localhost/phpmyadmin

Step 7th. Create database name loan_db

Step 8th. Import loan_db.sql file given inside the zip package in SQL file folder

Step 9th. Run the script http://localhost/ Loan_Management_System  

Step 10th. Password: Username: admin / Password: admin123

 

System Images

 






